feat: Supported Dapper documentation (#9964)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/integrations/orm/dapper_over_ado_net.md

# Using Dapper

[Dapper](https://dappertutorial.net/) is a micro ORM (Object Relational Mapping) that provides a simple and flexible way to interact with databases. It works on top of the [ADO.NET](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/) standard and offers numerous features that simplify database operations.

## ADO.NET

ADO.NET is a set of classes that provide data access for developers using the .NET Framework platform.

The YDB SDK C# provides a set of classes implementing the ADO.NET standard.

### Installation

The ADO.NET implementation for YDB is available through NuGet.

### Creating a Connection

A connection to YDB is established using YdbConnection.

1. **Using the parameterless constructor**:

   The following code creates a connection with default settings:

    ```c#
    await using var ydbConnection = new YdbConnection();
    await ydbConnection.OpenAsync();
    ```

   This option creates a connection to the database at the URL: `grpc://localhost:2136/local`, with anonymous authentication.

2. **Using the constructor with a connection string**:

>    In the following example, a connection is created using a connection string:

Author: C# specific connection string, `connectionString` - property name

Let's consider a complete example:

```c#
await using var connection = await new YdbDataSource().OpenConnectionAsync();

await connection.ExecuteAsync("""
                              CREATE TABLE Users(
                                  Id Int32,
                                  Name Text,
                                  Email Text,
                                  PRIMARY KEY (Id)   
                              );
                              """);

await connection.ExecuteAsync("INSERT INTO Users(Id, Name, Email) VALUES (@Id, @Name, @Email)",
    new User { Id = 1, Name = "Name", Email = "Email" });

Console.WriteLine(await connection.QuerySingleAsync<User>("SELECT * FROM Users WHERE Id = @Id", new { Id = 1 }));

await connection.ExecuteAsync("DROP TABLE Users");

internal class User
{
    public int Id { get; init; }
    public string Name { get; init; } = null!;
    public string Email { get; init; } = null!;

    public override string ToString()
    {
        return $"Id: {Id}, Name: {Name}, Email: {Email}";
    }
}
```

For more information, refer to the official [documentation](https://dappertutorial.net/).

> ### Important Aspects
> 
> In order for Dapper to interpret `DateTime` as {{ ydb-short-name }} type `Datetime`, execute the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Important aspects

For Dapper to interpret `DateTime` values as the {{ ydb-short-name }} type `DateTime`, execute the following code:
```
